please return to your seats
dad
no no no I didn't give you permission to
take a picture of me you need to leave
that you need to delete that I didn't
hey captain has gotta this aircraft he
said he wants you off you're leaving
no because I can't get on a plane right
I couldn't get on my plane girls to be
ready but can I just see here like speak
a pretty some mathematical equations
anything I guess whether that look right
now that's it oh no I could not get on
my plan to get a little too drunk that's
why no fuck this bitch right here I
found going good arrest me then arrest
me but give me a mathematical creature
or a fucking hey but you the outfit luge
backwards whatever I'm gonna mess with
me no I will not leave until I get
arrested
hey hey Tommy's money
Tommy's money get paid with that money
too I'm talking about white it's my real
talk shit like I'm a fucking egg I'm a
real analytical fucking new fucking by a
smaller
because this bitch ain't a doctor she
can't diagnose somebody if they're too
fucked up to get on a plane that's it
that's my call that's my problem right
there but generally that's a problem can
I be a doctor and diagnose some
gradients or I'll shut the fuck up I'm
sorry I'm professional I take care of
nothing
it's about you it's about your birth
thank you fucking alright this but don't
get on a plane too drunk but to pick on
what I like and if I don't like you for
what you say to me that ain't real
that's fucked up that's all I got to say
and I'm just being true real that's it
I'm sorry I'm a weirdo I'm sorry
there it's for me out there
get on your first public your way to
further public I'm good Goswami that's
it
arrest me do cuz I'm sure I'm getting
arrested
Oh iris think I'm fuckin bunker my
flight but I can't get out get arrested
it's the same fucking dog they all do
the same shit you costing me time that's
money dude that's it dude fucking fuck -
oh shoot if I'm trying to get moving you
what turn sees is if we get too fucked
up and some of these Punk's you could be
fine that cost a fucking motherfucking
morning that's it
that costing me money because I won't
work it man and that's how I'm a villain
or dude dude yeah you costing me money
okay
Duke took me an x-pipe are gonna pay for
my fucking dog fight next job no you
ain't gonna do that
you're not gonna do that
yeah but you got an intellectual type
person it's gonna really speak some real
shit and then you gonna let it ride it's
like offer our her fucking opinion where
this bitch at
yeah we can't go a bitch hey what's your
name what's your running
I need to call the Jacksonville airport
because Allegiant lost my back four days
ago
would you mind calling please
carousel members
yes his name
Christopher puffed around
yes dark hair
thank you
without the Jackson the airport about my
bagger who was that
can you call the Jacksonville Airport
and ask them about my bag
you guys lost my back on Sunday
and I haven't got a phone call from your
airport at all about the bag is there
anything I can do to get my bag I mean
can you guys give me an answer what do
you think it might be here am i just as
long no idea there's nothing you can do
to find out where my back is that is
completely out of your power so what do
I do what would you do in my shoes but
that was remember you told me that
Sunday that you're gonna call me the
next day and tell me where my bag was
that in today's Thursday and I don't
have my bag I just wanted to find out
what to do to get my bag
can I get a phone number to call maybe
from my bag maybe somebody can help me
out I appreciate that
we miss our flight we can see in the
computer when we did the check-in
because we did the check-in downstairs
you can see that we are like here for
three hours now
white wine me we meet because the family
gave the tickets to the family no no no
I can understand that but you know then
we came for one meeting we're sitting
here for three hours
you gave our tickets and you took that
we're sitting there for three hours men
we're sitting in for three hours but
what do you want the solution with the
girls with the suitcase
keep that's fine you with me I wasn't in
line after the girls listen you cannot
talk to everybody here on the line that
will miss the flight
it's not like this you know I think it's
I paid I paid full full price for the
tickets and you have because you read my
tickets ok look it's ok he's happy no I
don't care you have because you find out
that you
because I wasn't like when I saw your
ticket now I remember your name I
remember your name like every now as I
go cheat on me to some user or you know
something bright now the whole situation
is that you're here there's no more
flight he's no like I'm you're here and
then you suppose with their the funny is
that you miss your flight
listen to yourself I missed my flight
well you killed a flight before I get
inside I didn't miss the flight without
you close guys what is it we missed our
flight right
I can't believe it and I told you they
are doing it I told you they're over
selling tickets they sell 10 tickets
extra and then they take down people
because they've got like over booked
nothing nothing we were sitting here
eating pizza for three hours eating
pizza we get inside the day hold at 8:00
so the flight is full now or my seats
still empty you know no it's full of
course the flight is fine if all of us
here so the seat is empty no the flight
rules it's both we gave your seat to
someone else they had a family here
I understand the father was shouting
what do you want me to do
he gave it because of the kids I
understand that but for them to go
inside like I don't know not to be
ashamed of the self not saying anything
to us just sit here like kids
hey hey look at the camera you treat us
like animals
hey you treat us like animals American
Airlines you sold 10 tickets over over
the fly we are sitting in for 3 hours
you treat us like animals walking all of
you guys I'm recording you as well look
you recall the United Airlines you heard
about them ok you don't know who I am
okay what do you want me to do I don't
have anything with me I came this
morning with your flight what do you
want me to sleep on the floor because
the family you so you gave this to the
family
look I can understand everything if you
want to give the tickets to the family I
understand that ok that's a family but
you treat us like animals all of us here
you know one even gave us a for any
excuse like you no one told us like hey
we need to give it to a family to small
kids I can understand again I've got
four kids for kids I've got I came with
you guys it was a big mistake this
morning I came with you guys what do you
want me to do right now
why didn't let us know event that you
closed the flight that's the way you
treat your customers American Airlines
walking inside closing the gate and tell
us like like animals seat here you can
see when I did the check-in you can see
because I I printed it downstairs
Luke look at the ticket look at the
tickets - tickets that's embarrassing
that's really shame it should be a shame
of yourself all of you guys
because they keep leaking through my
back
one question that's yeah
thank you
yeah
any you guys on this plane a military
guy because this guy is fucking with me
and I'm an army guy any you guys know
let's all my arms you go out in this
plane any you guys on this plane and
military guys this guys fucking with me
and I want your back done to you guys
the military guys
now one day in this plane to military
guy
no one on this plane is in the service I
need a guy that's in the service a Tokyo
bounty you guys or a military guy you
want a military guy military guy with
shades